support for adding baggage to log4j 2 ContextData (#8810)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: instrumentation/log4j/log4j-context-data/log4j-context-data-2.17/library-autoconfigure/README.md

- `span_id`
- `trace_flags`

> if `otel.instrumentation.log4j-context-data.baggage-enabled` is set to `true`, key/value pairs in
> baggage will be added to the context too.
> 
> - `baggage.*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `otel.instrumentation.log4j-context-data.add-baggage` system property (or the `OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_LOG4J_CONTEXT_DATA_ADD_BAGGAGE` environment variable) is set to `true`, 
[Baggage](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/concepts/signals/baggage/) contents will be added to log4j's context data as key value pairs too.

- `baggage.<entry_name>`
```
